I don't think that you have any insight whatsoever into your capacity for good until you have some well-developed insight into your capacity for evil.
What is your friend: the things you know, or the things you don't know. First of all, there's a lot more things you don't know. And second, the things you don't know is the birthplace of all your new knowledge! So if you make the things you don't know your friend, rather than the things you know, well then you're always on a quest in a sense. You're always looking for new information in the off chance that somebody who doesn't agree with you will tell you something you couldn't have figured out on your own! It's a completely different way of looking at the world. It's the antithesis of opinionated.
If you can't understand why someone is doing something, look at the consequences of their actions, whatever they might be, and then infer the motivations from their consequences. For example if someone is making everyone around them miserable and you'd like to know why, their motive may simply be to make everyone around them miserable including themselves.
If you fulfill your obligations everyday you don't need to worry about the future.
Women select men. That makes them nature, because nature is what selects. And you can say "Well it's only symbolic that women are nature", it's like no, it's not just symbolic. The woman is the gatekeeper to reproductive success. And you can't get more like nature than that, in fact it's the very definition of nature.
Life is suffering 
Love is the desire to see unnecessary suffering ameliorated
Truth is the handmaiden of love
Dialogue is the pathway to truth 
Humility is recognition of personal insufficiency and the willingness to learn 
To learn is to die voluntarily and be born again, in great ways and small
So speech must be untrammeled 
So that dialogue can take place
So that we can all humbly learn 
So that truth can serve love
So that suffering can be ameliorated
So that we can all stumble forward to the Kingdom of God
If you don't say what you think then you kill your unborn self.
It took untold generations to get you where you are. A little gratitude might be in order. If you're going to insist on bending the world to your way, you better have your reasons.
You cannot be protected from the things that frighten you and hurt you, but if you identify with the part of your being that is responsible for transformation, then you are always the equal, or more than the equal of the things that frighten you.
Intolerance of others’ views (no matter how ignorant or incoherent they may be) is not simply wrong; in a world where there is no right or wrong, it is worse: it is a sign you are embarrassingly unsophisticated or, possibly, dangerous.
If you have a comprehensive explanation for everything then it decreases uncertainty and anxiety and reduces your cognitive load. And if you can use that simplifying algorithm to put yourself on the side of moral virtue then you’re constantly a good person with a minimum of effort.
Of course, my socialist colleagues and I weren’t out to hurt anyone – quite the reverse. We were out to improve things – but we were going to start with other people. I came to see the temptation in this logic, the obvious flaw, the danger – but could also see that it did not exclusively characterize socialism. Anyone who was out to change the world by changing others was to be regarded with suspicion. The temptations of such a position were too great to be resisted.
You can only find out what you actually believe (rather than what you think you believe) by watching how you act. You simply don’t know what you believe, before that. You are too complex to understand yourself.
“No tree can grow to Heaven,” adds the ever-terrifying Carl Gustav Jung, psychoanalyst extraordinaire, “unless its roots reach down to Hell.
So, attend carefully to your posture. Quit drooping and hunching around. Speak your mind. Put your desires forward, as if you had a right to them—at least the same right as others. Walk tall and gaze forthrightly ahead. Dare to be dangerous. Encourage the serotonin to flow plentifully through the neural pathways desperate for its calming influence.
The things that pose the greatest threats to your survival are the most real things.
there is a hierarchy of memes; there are some that are memorable for a while, then you forget them, then there are some that are way more memorable, and then right at the top there are memes that you will never forget.
alright what the hell is this youtube
I’ve been attacked by 20 miniature pitbulls
I want to tailor this interview so I sell as many books as possible
well you don't know if you are telling the truth
let's assume you do know when you’re lying and you’ll do it anyways
that’s life, its suffering
sleep around casually
you’re going to pay for your impulsive idiocy
don’t cheat at games, don’t cheat when you are playing games
what the hell do you know, you’re just a bumbling dimwit
you’re just deluded kids fundamentally
it's better if the punishment is harsh
you’re useless, lay on the couch for ten years
feelings of isolation and doom
I’m a clinical psychologist
I’m going to mention it every chance that I get
because I’m a clinical psychologist
that’s only one trick, you should have like ten tricks at least
this isn’t a simple victim oppressor narrative even though that's the only story you radical leftist know how to tell
a lot of them are just silly quasi deluded virtue signaling 18 year old people who just don’t know any better.
they’re just psychopaths who are looking for trouble.
I figured out how to monetize social justice warriors
heck yeah I’m an evil capitalist
the reason there was so many allergies in San Francisco was because of aliens
most people don’t like their children being eaten by tigers
you’ve got this white powder and there it is
you should be nose-deep in that stuff nonstop
so you think one moment you’re somewhere and the next moment you are somewhere else
you can play a primate dominance hierarchy game which is very very common
it’s like 50,000 trolls, you know that's a lot of trolls
you should be unbelievably dangerous, the more dangerous you are the better
who the hell knows where to look for the Holy Grail?
a busload of swedish bikini models
fun doesn’t work when you’re not having fun
i’m a pretty good dancer
i’m very very very careful with my words
so you’ll have your specific reasons but under there’ll be some other reasons and under that there’ll be so other reasons and under that there’ll be some other reasons
you can kill people with compassion no problem
did you ever see my left foot
keep talking bucko, pretty soon I’m gonna have you right where I want you
I’m going to eat you and it's going to make me very happy
burn it to the damn ground
well I would be one of the heroes who rescued the jews
you wake up in the morning and you have an ache in your side, it's like is that nothing or cancer?
I’m gonna be fat and really unhealthy and half dead in five years.
I would say that god is dead and human beings are like a cancer on the planet
if they had any ethical standards whatsoever they wouldn’t reproduce
you’re a crazy chimpanzee
you’re such a horrid creature in your very core that it would be a moral violation for you to propagate
I mean everybody’s flawed and useless and half crazy
the cleansing fire, thats a good one
fire will cleanse everything
you’re doomed and there’s going to be a lot of pain along the way
might be that you hooked up with a psychopath
the rat goes like this
that’s the normal rat
then maybe he sniffs
most of you aren’t foaming at the mouth
